We have 2500 delegates coming in for us. We want to give them our absolute best.
What we want them to feel is the love of the true brotherhood.
The commission was to make it a life-changing experience.
In order to do that, we thought we had to put together more than just come and have some dinner with us.
Overwhelming. I don't know how to express how I feel.
We had, first of all, come up and create the axe.
So I went in the room for two days cried and prayed.
But this is where the trust that Johova is directing this through his organization has helped us.
There was so much more involved in showing hospitality to our delegates than we originally thought.
We have an original authentic 1892 Chuck Wagon, real Texas Cowboys, real horse trainers,
open lessons and Texas long horns.
We're making buttermilk biscuits just like they did on the trail in a Dutch oven and coals.
And we have four different casts that we're using, each somewhere in the range of 80, 90 per cast.
Three different locations we're going to be performing at.
This spans over four days.
The evening programs include providing some food to the friends that are here,
some spiritual entertainment with music, some interviews, some videos.
We haven't had field service part of our conventions as in the past.
However, it's so apparent to Johova's behind this.
The example set by the slave, it's so evident this should be done.
They're facing similar challenges in the ministry, but they're still working hard while dealing with these challenges.
Hearing that was very encouraging and it gave me the renewed motivation to keep preaching with zeal.
We also need to volunteer to come to the assembly hall and greet the delegates as they came in off the buses.
At first I wasn't sure why there were many people outside when I saw them from the bus.
When I found out that they were there to welcome us, it put me to tears.
When we found out that the tours were coming to the assembly hall, we knew that we were going to have an extra special blessing.
We had well over 3,600 volunteers and probably more like 5,000 that were willing to help.
We contacted probably a little bit over 200 congregations to participate in these activities.
We were from Cheyenne, Wyoming about 850 miles away.
We started about two or three weeks ago getting all the wagons ready and it took a couple of days to get here.
One of the things I had to do was ask permission on my job.
As for a week off in order to be here, I prayed a lot to Johova and through him they gave me permission and I was able to be here.
I'm so energized and pumped and I really just see us walking into the new world and feeling all of this every day.
My job has been to come up with drawings and paintings of note cards of things that are indigenous to Washington.
I had the privilege of designing the logo that went on the gift bags for the International Convention.
We were going to sing for the delegates.
I want to sing for the delegates because I want to make God happy and the delegates too.
The singing at the airport is what's touching to see them waiting for us right at the night because we arrived around 10pm.
I think that they'll be happy to see all of us welcoming them, the things that we're preparing for them, something to take back with them to remember this opportunity that they had.
This part, the top part, the large JW was actually from the messenger which was back in 1931, the International Convention in Columbus, Ohio.
As you see with all the brothers and sisters, everyone wanting to contribute, everyone wanting to have a part, everyone wanting to be cold, everyone wanting to participate in whatever way they can.
Welcome to Seattle!
Just seeing it being used and enjoyed by the delegates, it was a great feeling.
I was a little bit tired from the flight, but when you saw the smiles and the cheers and the big banners and all the gifts, it was just like, oh my goodness.
You felt it, didn't you? You felt it, you felt it straight away.
We don't know where they're from, we don't know their names, but they just smile and wave and seeing that unity, I mean it's genuine love and you almost want to just cry.
We want them to know that they have brothers here that will support them, who love them, and are willing to do whatever we can to make them enjoy their stay here.
We just want them to feel like our arms have been around them the whole time they've been here.
It really shows that your home is behind the work, but it also shows the loving brotherhood, because it's so evident by what you see with all the happy faces, the zeal, the enthusiasm, everything that is being spent is all so that we can praise your home.
It's all over, but also to welcome his sheep, the delegates coming from all the different parts of the world.
I hope two, three thousand years from now somebody walks up to me and you go, I remember you, you were at the Cowboy Deal in Texas.
That to me would be fantastic. I know Cowboys aren't supposed to cry, but trust us, we do what it comes to this.
I'm so happy, it moves me to tears.
They came here to let us sing and they watched us, so they took our song with them.
We wanted delegates to be happy.